Update settings.mdx (#16311)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cache/how-to/cache-rules/settings.mdx

Edge Cache TTL refers to the maximum cache time-to-live (TTL), or how long an asset should be considered fresh or available to serve from Cloudflare’s cache in response to requests. This setting has three primary options:

* **Use cache control-header if present, bypass cache if not**: If a cache-control header is present on the response, follow its directives. If not, skip caching entirely.

> * **Use cache-control header if present, use default Cloudflare caching behavior if not**: If a cache-control header is present on the response, follow its directives. If not, cache everything with our [default edge TTL settings](/cache/how-to/configure-cache-status-code/#edge-ttl).

Reviewer: edge TTL doesn't dictate what is or isn't cacheable, the matching criteria of the rule and the `cache: true` setting does. wording change to "everything" needs to be reverted, wording change to "edge TTL" is good

> * **Use cache-control header if present, use default Cloudflare caching behavior if not**: If a cache-control header is present on the response, follow its directives. If not, cache everything with our [default edge TTL settings](/cache/how-to/configure-cache-status-code/#edge-ttl).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Use cache-control header if present, use default Cloudflare caching behavior if not**: If a cache-control header is present on the response, follow its directives. If not, cache in accordance with our [default edge TTL settings](/cache/how-to/configure-cache-status-code/#edge-ttl).
```
